Yoko.
Oh, the bow.
Oh.
Mother.
Toie,
D差,
Ya
F
It
Sweet
I
We
C
Say
The light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the
light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light of the light